feat!: Add skip validation (#3308)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/loud-starfishes-type.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/generator': major
---

> [Compatibility Note] Per default the OData generator does not change object names anymore to resolve conflicts.
> Instead, the generation process will fail.
> Switch on the `skipValidation` flag if you want to generate anyway with adjusted names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Compatibility Note] The OData generator won't automatically rename identifiers to avoid name conflicts.
The generation process will fail if identifiers have conflicting names.
Switch on the `skipValidation` flag if you want to generate despite name conflicts and are okay with changed identifier names to avoid conflicts.
```

Reviewer: hope this is better to understand
